Previously
on Sons of Anarchy...
-CHIBS (chuckles): Oh, shit.
-LIN: I want my men, my guns
and my heroin.
It wasn't us, Henry.
I gave Lin proof that we
had nothing to do with it.
-So we good? -AUGUST: Don't
cross me, Jackson.
I have no remorse--
killing you or any of the Sons.
This place belong to Henry Lin!
Know who he is?
MAN: August Marks
doesn't give a shit!
-How'd you boys do?
-I'm three for three!
JUICE: I took him at gunpoint.
He had no choice.
CHIBS:
What the hell do you want?
I needed to talk to you.
We're way past talking.
Where is he going?
I have no idea.
The D.A. wants
to put out an APB.
All right, go get him and drive
him out of town.
-He's a raw nerve. I'll go with.
-WENDY: It's just till you
-figure out where you want
to go. -I'll check you in
under my name.
WOMAN (moaning):
Oh, yes!
MAN:
Wait, wait.
-(screams)
-BOBBY: We got a problem.
This here's Reverend
Jonathan Haddem, Head Pastor,
Piedmont Grace Center for God.
And apparently women's lingerie.
JAX:
Let's get the bodies
out of there.
Chigger Woods.
Keep them shallow and marked.
What the hell is this?
This dick a john?
He's taking my money again.
Get out of here!
-SANDY: No!
-(Nero shouting)
ALTHEA:
Mr. Haas.
He's pressing assault charges.
GEMMA:
Rough day?
Yeah.
This'll help.
(grunting)
If I find the right size bowl,
how much do you think
you're gonna be feeding the dog?
Two cases.
High-end rice chow.
Is that an old Asian recipe?
That's right.
I have some relationship issues
to work out,
some sharing-the-dog-park shit.
So is that a yes?
You're gonna meet my dog walker.
He'll make the final call.
Well, it's gonna have
to be soon.
Dog food's got
an expiration date.
Yeah.
What are you doing, man?
Cameras.
Oh, no, I bought this room.
They ain't on.
Then why the hell
are we talking in code?
I miss my dogs.
(sighs)
I'm guessing German shepherds.
GIRL:
Bye, Mom, I'll see you later.
MAN:
You do good, kiddo.
I'll see you later.
BOY:
Bye, Dad.
I got him.
No need.
Grandma, I presume?
Maybe.
Well, I assumed
because of what happened.
Yeah.
I take care of him now.
Good morning, Abel.
Morning.
(horn honks)
So, you stay in the car
during drop-off.
It just makes things
so much quicker.
All right, here's
your lunch, babe.
Come on. Bye, honey.
-(horn honks)
-Bye, sweetheart.
WOMAN: Come with me, Abel.
I'll take you to class.
-You his teacher?
-One of them. Ms. Harrison.
Hi.
(horn honks)
Folks get a little impatient
in the morning.
Yeah.
(horn honks)
Yeah, this is a drop-off.
If you want to walk
your kids in, you got to park
-over there in the parent...
-Yeah, I'm sorry.
It's my first time.
And, uh...
if you beep at me again, Mom...
I'm gonna shove that cup
so far up your ass
you're gonna be shitting
mochaccino for a month.
(engine starts)
Damn, Grandma's kind of crazy.
(vacuum whirring)
Hi.
Appreciate you helping out.
Lyla off doing porn full-time?
Behind the camera.
She's, uh, running it for Jax.
Kiki, uh, she's...
great at the door,
but, uh... not much
of an administrator.
She is dumb as a rubber thumb.
I was just trying
to be diplomatic.
I'll help her.
Thanks.
So is Jax spending
any time here?
Yeah, he... he checks in
every day.
Is he doing o-okay?
I mean... that was
some brutal shit.
Yeah.
He's, uh...
you know...
doing what a guy would do
whose wife was murdered.
Um... do I have to use,
like, math and stuff
to figure out these percentages?
I'll be here all day
if you need me.
I'll check in later.
Thanks.
(sighs) I'm gonna take Wendy's
lead on that private school.
Expensive as shit.
And I just don't get it.
I never sent Jax or Thomas
to any of that day care
or Gym-bob-jamboree shit.
Feels lazy to me.
Dropping off your kids
for strangers to raise.
But I know it's what you'd want.
Schools are different now.
Kids got to keep up.
And who knows... maybe Thomas
will be a doctor like you.
But Abel?
I can see it in his eyes.
He is his daddy's son.
Knows his tribe.
I never doubted my loyalty.
Remember Prulow, man?
Fat little shithead
from Woodhaven.
Bailed out his pussy ass when
the Ozone crew was gonna gut him
for losing that numbers bag.
I didn't have to do that.
I just knew his heart was
in the gig.
Club has got to know that.
Doesn't seem fair.
(knocking)
Hey.
Who you talking to?
Someone in the shower?
Thank you.
This ain't gonna end so good.
I'll take the morning shift.
Tully's boots on the ground,
Leland Gruen,
said he'd meet us
at Oswald's timber trail.
I gave him your number
to lock down a time.
Anybody know this guy?
AB lifer.
Did double dimes for assault.
I think he got out last year.
You talk price?
Leland will test it,
give us a street rate.
Ain't about profit,
it's about protecting our flank.
And dumping this poxy heroin.
(knocking)
Hey. Tyler's here.
You can use the bar.
I'm in post all day.
All right.
Hey, boss.
Three Chinese rub and tugs
got hit last night.
Black guys. Lin wants blood.
He thinks that it was us.
Was it?
Hell, no.
August is spinning out, man.
He's afraid that the streets
are gonna blow up
as he's trying to close
this deal in Piedmont.
It's a huge government
housing project.
Is that the one
where his partner's MIA?
Yeah. Haddem.
He's a pastor
over at Piedmont Grace.
August needs his signature
on the paperwork
by the end of the day tomorrow.
And before Lin retaliates
and all his investors
get skittish.
And what?
Preacher won't sign?
He just dropped
out of sight last week.
And now his old lady is MIA.
Why are they all disappearing?
TYLER: I don't know. But his
wife's got power of attorney--
she could just sign off
on everything.
August thinks that she'll be
easier to find.
So what do you need from us?
Search and rescue.
For the wife, Loutreesha.
I mean, look, Piedmont might
like its pastors to be black,
but they prefer their residents
to be a shade paler.
Ah. You need some pretty
white boys to knock on doors?
Yeah, something like that.
Well, that's a clean town, man;
it's gonna be hard
to shake out information.
Well, Loutreesha goes
by her maiden name, McQueen.
She's got a sister in Piedmont.
She got a half sister
in Montclair.
And that's all I got.
All right.
You might want to have
Andre the Giant
and Captain Psycho sit
this one out, though.
(others laugh)
I'm just saying.
Don't want to scare
no fragile white folks.
All right, we'll dig in,
let you know.
Thanks.
Later.
(sighs)
TIG:
The panty hose preacher.
Yup.
It's a small world after all.
If we don't find that wife,
Marks is gonna keep digging
till he finds the pastor.
Lot of eyes could have seen us
go in that apartment, man.
We went in big.
So... where do we start looking?
Chigger Woods.
We're gonna ask the preacher.
(Happy coughing)
(laughing):
Oh, Jesus Christ.
TIG:
Wow.
Yup.
That's the good preacher.
Phone's in his pocket.
Rat.
RAT BOY:
Shit.
This is probably
getting you hard.
What was that?
This is gonna be hard.
Shit.
They're wet.
We'll charge them up,
see if we can salvage anything.
Yeah, all right.
I'm gonna stop by Diosa.
See you back at Red Woody.
Come on, come on, hole's
not gonna fill itself.
Yeah.
That's what he said.
(Tig laughs)
Yeah.
That was funny.
Honey.
Riding through this world
All alone
God takes your soul
You're on your own
The crow flies straight
A perfect line
On the devil's bed
Until you die
Gotta look this life
In the eye.
(quiet chatter)
-Hey.
-Is West at the warehouse?
Yeah, I'm with Gemma today.
Any activity at the docks?
No, it's been quiet.
And Barosky's guys
have been around,
checking out the guns.
But that's about it.
All right.
Looks good.
Yeah.
Think I'm gonna lose these
blinds and hang some drapes.
Think it'll help with the noise.
We all know how loud
a good massage can be.
You good?
I'm fine.
Did you take him to school?
Yeah.
And Brooke's got Thomas.
Good.
Is Nero around?
Um, your...
blonde mommy fetish out there
said that he'd be back
in a few hours.
(chuckles)
First of all,
if I had a mommy fetish,
I'd be hooking up
with some psycho dominatrix.
That seems unfair.
Second, the phrase
"mommy fetish" coming out
of the mouth of my own mother
should never happen again.
I just call it
like I see it, babe.
Right.
All right.
I got to head back to Red Woody.
Do me a favor--
when you see Nero,
give him a heads up about Juice.
Let him know he's around.
Why would Nero care?
Just tell him.
He can call me for details.
Stay with her.
Absolutely.
I'm sorry.
Thank you.
Thank you for helping out here.
Oh, yeah.
Will I see you later?
I don't know.
I hope so.
Be careful with him.
Don't worry, Mom,
we're just friends.
Yeah. Well, right now he needs
more than a friend.
Just don't complicate his life
any more than it already is.
How could I do that?
Making him think too much.
KIKI: I think
your calculator's messed up.
Keeps giving me
the wrong answer.
If he's hanging out here,
that shouldn't be a problem.
Let's go.
-I just totally don't get it.
-Oh.
(knocking)
Got an update
on the escort's father.
-Did you find him?
-Yeah.
Ken Haas spent the last 36 hours
at St. Thomas.
Fractured jaw, concussion,
two broken ribs.
Let me guess--
he's withdrawing the charges.
Yup.
I pressed, he wasn't having it.
You think it was Padilla?
Shit.
Grab Cane.
-Follow me to the whore club.
-All right.
(Haddem moaning)
Uh-huh.
Here it comes.
Wait for it, wait for it.
Who's my dirty little
whore baby?
Are you shitting me?
BOBBY:
Oh, no, that happens later.
Yeah, it does.
Um, listen, Jax, we couldn't get
the cell phone to work.
This has no personal info on it,
he just used it to record his,
uh, comings and goings.
Besides Venus,
the only thing on here is the
shit that went down that day.
Find Venus.
I know where she is.
We stayed in touch.
Should I be worried
he stayed in touch?
You do good work, mama.
Thanks.
Where you been?
You didn't come home
the other night.
Uh, I haven't heard from you,
so...
Just...
I've been putting in long hours
down at TM.
Trying to catch up.
Yeah.
Everything okay?
Yeah, I'm fine.
Look, I know
everything's upside down
'cause of Tara, and...
You know, you got every right
to be a little, uh, far away.
I just need to know
it's not about us.
I mean, there's...
There isn't something
happening here
-that I should know about,
right? -Oh, no, no.
Uh-uh, no.
No.
We're perfect.
NERO:
Aw, shit.
This just might be my ride.
Give my lawyer a call.
Yeah.
How can I help you, Sheriff?
I'm here to deliver
the good news.
Kenneth Haas isn't pressing
assault charges.
Okay.
And, uh, you came all the way
out here with backup
to share that?
Haas also spent a day or two
in the hospital.
Seems someone picked up
right where you left off.
Broke his jaw, few ribs.
Tuned him up pretty good.
Are you thinking that was me?
I don't know.
Maybe I should ask
the den mother.
I don't think
we've officially met.
Lieutenant Sheriff Althea Jarry.
Althea?
Guess your folks were hoping
for a black baby.
We don't know what happened
to Sandy's dad.
Where is Teller and the Scot?
-Working.
-Well, tell them
I'd like a few minutes
of their valuable time.
Absolutely... sister.
We see them,
we'll let them know.
We'll check the garage
and ice cream shop.
And their porn studio's
up and running, too.
Stockton Port.
Find Chibs.
I'll start there.
Keep it off the radio.
This is personal.
CANE:
Yes, ma'am.
(Haddem moaning)
(laughs)
Oh.
Well, I do love those boots.
Oh, yeah, me, too, yeah.
Uh, why are you looking for him?
He and his family
might be in danger.
Well, I'm not surprised.
That freaky little holy man
liked to live close
to the flame.
God can only protect us so much.
Why do you have his phone?
We-we need to find
his family, baby.
Where would you meet him?
Oh, different places.
At first, he took me
to this very unsavory apartment
in an area code
beneath my station.
I told him never again.
I need a certain level of
comfort to maintain my dignity.
Uh, after that,
it was usually nice hotels.
Uh, a quiet lake house once.
A lake house that he owned?
Well, I-I... I think so.
It had pictures of family,
I'm assuming were
his wife and children.
-Do you remember where?
-Outside Berkeley.
Lake Anza, I believe.
I'm sure I have
the address
in my appointment book.
We're gonna need that address.
Please.
I will help you
because I am fond of you.
-Yeah.
-I am fond of you all.
I feel we are connected
on a deeper vibration.
Do you feel that?
-Absolutely.
-Yeah, absolutely. -I feel it.
Well, uh, I have
a little lonesome dove
waiting for me upstairs,
but his abreaction
is usually rather swift,
so just give me five minutes,
and then perhaps Alexander
could come up
and retrieve your address?
Perfect.
That'd be great.
Gentlemen.
Thank you.
Thank you, darling.
Mm.
Something we need to know here?
We're friends.
You know, we got things
in common.
Yeah, I can think of one thing.
Don't be disrespectful.
I'm gonna head upstairs, I'm
gonna get her to move it along.
She tends to dillydally.
Dillydally?
Okay, now I'm worried.
Want some?
No.
What happened to Haas?
Oh, I don't know.
Don't lie to me!
I didn't want to involve you.
Jax?
He... he did it to protect you.
Oh, Gemma, come on!
That's-that's a lie, too!
Your boy--
he's unchained right now.
He's looking
for any excuse to rage.
Can you blame him?
I understand it.
The problem is...
it gets to a point, Gem,
where it ain't
about revenge anymore.
You're doing it because...
...it just feels good.
Jax came by today
looking for you.
Wanted you to know that, uh,
Juice is still around.
Seemed concerned.
Okay.
Why does that matter to you?
What happened with Juice?
You see, baby?
There are some things
we just can't share.
Best we don't.
One-one-three-oh-one.
There it is on the right.
Rat, wait out front,
keep an eye for neighbors.
Tiggy, you and me, back door.
TIG:
Gigitty.
(knocking)
(door thuds)
(door creaks softly)
(door opens)
(footsteps)
(floorboards creak)
(gunshot)
(Tig groans)
(footsteps running)
Oh, shit, Tiggy.
Tiggy, Tig...
Hey!
(engine starts)
(grunting)
Whoa!
Put down the gun!
Drop it!
Leave us alone!
Wait. What do you mean, "us"?
Who's with you?
God!
Mama!
She's in the backseat!
Wait. Careful. Wait.
Jackie.
-Here.
-What?
Shit.
Jackie!
(Loutreesha gasping)
Come on. Come on.
Come on. I got you.
CHIBS:
Get Mama. Get Mama.
(Loutreesha coughing)
GRANT:
You okay?
You okay, Mama?
I'm cold, Grant.
So cold.
CHIBS:
Track marks are fresh.
Sometimes her demons get
the best of her.
You Haddem's son?
Stepson.
That freak is not my father.
He's the reason
this is all happening.
What's happening?
They probably killed him.
Now they're gonna hurt
my mother.
(Loutreesha panting)
Who sent you guys
looking for us?
Was it August Marks?
Get them inside.
Let's go.
Come on, Mama.
Come on, Rat.
Get her up.
Get her.
Jax, come on.
Good?
(Jax sighs)
(Chibs grunts)
Oh, Jesus.
Remember when our biggest
problem was which Mayan to kill?
Simpler times.
Simpler men.
Damon Pope helped my stepdad
some years back.
Created some zoning loophole
that helped us buy
neighboring lots,
and that's how we built
the additions to the church.
I told him not to get involved.
Knew they'd come back looking
for something.
Looking for what?
August Marks wants
to use the same loophole.
He wants to build
low-income housing
on the rest
of our church property.
He wants me to sign off,
making him a partner.
His construction company gets
the Fed kickback.
Then he uses the project
to launder money.
And the houses never get built.
What are you gonna do with us?
No one's gonna hurt you
or your mom.
But as far
as this property deal goes,
that's something
your stepdad started.
There is nothing you can do,
except ride out his sin.
My mother is the one
who built that congregation.
Supported Joseph,
in spite of all his degradation.
She can't just hand it over
to some gangsters.
She can if she wants
you two alive.
I found you in an hour.
You think you can hide
from Marks?
I'm telling you, next time,
neither one of you comes
out of the lake.
(Loutreesha sniffles)
I'll sign it, honey.
LOUTREESHA:
It's not worth it.
Okay.
We got a friend coming up here,
gonna pick you up and take you
back to Oakland.
He's gonna make sure
nothing happens to you.
Jax, I checked the block.
It's all quiet, man.
All right.
Just hang back for a minute.
That same guy's gonna
bring something
-that's gonna keep her even.
-(phone ringing)
Excuse me.
JAX:
How's he doing?
(sighs) I think I got
most of that buckshot out.
There's no major damage.
But I'm worried
about the infection.
These dressings have
to be changed every few hours.
TIG:
Hey.
Give Venus a call, would you?
Please.
That was Tully's guy.
They're gonna be at
the timber trail in under two.
All right.
Rat.
I need you to stay here
with the mom and kid.
-Yeah.
-When Tyler gets here,
let him know
she'll sign for Marks.
But nothing happens to them.
You make that clear,
you understand?
Yeah.
What about Tig?
Take him back to Scoops.
We got medical supplies there.
All right.
You got it, brother.
-Yeah, thanks, bro.
-All right.
(motorcycle engine starts)
(engines starting)
Let's go.
I just got off the phone
with Patterson.
They're putting out the APB
on Ortiz.
I thought they were holding off.
I guess they got tired
of waiting.
Oh. Statewide?
Whole Northwest.
UNSER:
All right.
Appreciate the update.
What?
APB went wide.
Shit.
UNSER:
We got to get you out of here.
Now.
I'm gonna call Gemma.
(Wendy sighs)
All right, sweetheart.
Bye.
(indistinct conversation)
I need a favor, blondie.
My bodyguard behind me.
The littlest outlaw?
I got to step out
without a set of eyes on me.
I'll keep him busy.
I like you.
You could be good for him.
I'm not really in the market
for a marriage blessing,
but I appreciate that.
(motorcycles roaring)
Chibs and Teller.
Let's catch up.
(motorcycles roaring)
Leland.
Jax Teller.
CANE: The other guys
aren't wearing cuts.
This is bad.
Yeah.
MAN:
Cops!
Shit.
-(gunfire)
-Wait, no!
(horn blaring)
(Eglee screaming)
(man shouting indistinctly)
(guns clicking)
(horn continues blaring)
(screams)
-Jesus Christ! -The hell
you doing, man? -You tell me.
I'm not the one who brought cops
to a drug deal.
We had no idea they were
behind us. Are you crazy?!
(horn continues blaring)
JAX:
Come on, man.
If they called that in,
we got to get out of here.
Let's go.
Get in the truck, brother.
Jesus Christ.
(truck departing)
Jackie.
We got to go, too.
Come on, son.
Yeah, come on.
(horn continues blaring)
(groaning)
(indistinct radio transmission)
-Sir.
-Hey, excuse me.
Hey.
Is that Eglee?
It's Cane.
Eglee took four to the back.
She's alive.
For now.
Who was it?
We don't know.
Did they call it in?
Request backup?
No.
Looks like an ambush.
Charming.
Our name says it all.
This is a bad place,
isn't it, Wayne?
I had to know, Gemma,
if there was any way that I...
Now you know.
No more games, Juice.
I'm gonna go home,
I'm gonna pack a bag,
and then I'm gonna drive you
to my dad's place myself.
You got the boys?
-Yeah, okay. -Walls
are closing in, sweetheart.
You stay, MC finds you
or the cops do.
Either way,
Jax gets to you
and you end up dead.
Is that what you want?
I don't want to die.
I just...
I don't like being alone.
I'm not good on my own.
My head gets so loud.
And shit doesn't make...
Nothing syncs up.
I start thinking
about my thinking...
...and getting lost
in the details of nothing.
Nothing can pull me out of it.
And I...
WENDY:
Hey. Hey, hey. It's okay.
Take a deep breath, okay?
It's okay.
Okay, hey, you're not
gonna be alone, okay?
All right? Okay.
(Juice crying softly)
All right.
You're okay.
It's gonna be okay.
Goddamn!
(exhales)
I'll reach out
to Tully tomorrow.
Try to explain this.
Yeah, well,
if Eglee or Cane called
that thing in,
we'll all be able to talk to him
face-to-face.
I talked to Lee.
He's gonna send some guys down
from Tacoma.
We're gonna need help
if this unravels.
(door opens)
Jarry's downstairs.
-How many with her?
-She's alone.
Said she needs to talk
to you and Jax.
I've got him.
Chibby.
You should just get out of here,
baby.
This ain't your problem.
I swore an oath to the care
and nurturing of a dear friend.
Boop.
(Tig chuckles softly)
Where did you come from?
Well, my sweet Alex,
I was born of man,
but... I believe my true genesis
happened a bit later.
When I was stirred by the gods
of love and beauty
and transformed into an angel.
Whose sole purpose is to bring
light to the shadows
and a little bit of joy
to all those lost souls
who can no longer find it.
(Tig exhales softly)
Hmm.
Oh.
(moaning softly)
I need to know if you had
anything to do with this.
CHIBS:
Come on.
-Of course we didn't.
-We like Eglee.
Does it fit any kind
of gang pattern you know of?
Cop retaliation,
someone new trying to earn cred?
No.
We'll keep our ears open.
What about Kenneth Haas?
You have anything
to do with that?
-Hey, we had abso...
-JAX: I did it.
Guy's a scumbag who beats
and extorts his own daughter.
I made sure
that doesn't happen again.
(tires screech)
-Get out of here!
-Out!
Shit, move!
(car alarms blaring)
(indistinct radio chatter)
MAN:
Watch your step.
You okay?
(indistinct radio transmission)
Do you know the guy?
He was one of Lin's,
you saw him.
Don't know.
The Chinese were the ones
who killed Tara, weren't they?
That's what this is all about--
the shit that went down
at the timber trail?
No.
Did the club retaliate for Tara?
I don't know anything.
Hey, Scotty.
Grenades just went off in an
ice cream shop on Main Street.
If the MC is in some kind of war
that's now blowing shit up
in Charming, I got to know.
'Cause the next time,
that ice cream shop
could be filled with kids.
Could you live with that?
Let me drive you home.
Please.
KIKI:
Good evening, gentlemen.
Welcome to Diosa Norte.
TOM:
Thanks. Had a long ride.
We're just gonna grab a drink
right now.
This wasn't a message, brother.
That dude saw us in the shop.
It was straight up retaliation.
Yeah.
Somebody sold us out to Lin.
Jesus Christ.
Check on the guns.
(phone ringing)
West ain't picking up.
Reception out there
ain't so great.
(tires screech)
Holy shit!
Everybody whole?
Yeah.
Chinese.
What?
No, man.
That don't make no sen...
(phone ringing)
-Yeah.
-TOM: Mr. Lin appreciates
all your efforts
in getting everyone together.
What happens at Diosa
will impact you.
But it's meant
for the Sons of Anarchy.
NERO:
Wh-Who is this?
Oh, my God.
Diosa.
-Diosa!
-Shit!
(engines starting)
(tires screeching)
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org